# Cyber Truth
## Magna Carta of Cybersecurity
### Who Is This For?
- Originally, this reference material was designed for cybersecurity individuals in the industry, government, and military that had one month of Python developent under their belt with no prior cyber experience. However, as time and requirements changed, it became apparent that experienced Pythonistas and cyber veterans up to the Chief Information Officer (CIO) level could greatly benefit as well. Due to the rapid changing technical landscape of cyber, whether that's red teaming or blue forces, it's important to be knowledgeable about your assets and how they fit into a systems of systems approach. Since most, if not all Fortune 500 companies, use Python in their daily missions and defenses, this reference attempts to prepare the cyber community for how to use Python for these requirements.
### Why Use This Resource
- Cyber has been deemed the new Wild West Frontier! Currently, there is no transnational cyber framework that governs how countries collectively deal with cyber criminals and digital crimes. To make matters worst, most of the companies add on security instead of baking it in from the start; leaving huge cyber holes that allow Advanced Persistent Threats (APT) to march right on through. This reference helps tackle this issue by addressing all of the relevant skill sets needed to succeed in cyber security and cyber warfare.
- Labeled as the Magna Carta of Cyber Security, this reference reflects the true homitage of that background. Cemented as a foundational documentation for the United States Constitution, rights of citizens, extent of government regulation or collection, separation of Church from government, and the right to trial before the people. Without these inalienable rights, our nation is no different than the ones our military fights against. So, this reference is coined off of our American history's beginnings because we must navigate these same principles in the cyber world. Unlike other malicious nations, we are bound by the privacy rights of the individual, which we must uphold. Doing so requires a valid, undoubtable chain-of-custody, in our work since it may be scrutinized by the American people. Lastly, our work should not be influenced by religious ideologies, but act as objectable accounts.
### Description
- Security analysts are supposed to decipher cybersecurity requirements, capture key stakeholder input, design Unified Modeling Language (UML) diagrams for key performance parameters (KPI), and be able to implement a fully functional solution within an acceptable turnaround. Cyber operators should be able to understand the threat environment and produce useful tools to augment their enterprise after going through this reference.
